Lectures C++
lecture 1 (part 1)
c++ made by bjarne belong to danmark.made in 1983.introduce classes.c++ is the world 4th most popular language
it is a middle level language.support OOP.follows OOP<generic programming
lecture 1(part 2)
comparision of c and c++
c++ is a superset of c language.
c++ can use existing c libraries.
c follows top down approach (first define main function and call functions) while c++ follows bottom up approach(first do detailed work then assembled all)
c++ follows OOP as well as procedural oriented guidelines
lecture 1 (part 3)
what is OOP
object is what which has some properties.
we use variables to store information.class is a method to group variables,we make functions.
key principles
encapsulation(act of combining properties and methods related to the same objects).we can make functions and variables in a class
data hiding 
polymorphism
abstruction
inheritance
lecture 1 (part 4)
classes and objects
class is a blueprint (map) of object. object is a big memory block contains so many variables in it.variable contains single data.we make new data type
through this data type the variable we make is called an object.class is a description of objects.class means user define data types.we can achieve encapsulation through classes.
object consumes memory.depends upon how many variables make in a class.object is an example of class.
class box{
int l,b,h;
void setdimensions(int x,int y,int z)
void show dimensions()
};
box b1; // b1,b2,b3 are called objects
box b2;
box b3;
lecture1 (part5)
how to make software in c++
it is OS understandable.exe make to understand one OS.we use c++ its extension is .cpp.use preprocessor to join the content of header files with the program.and make a separate file without header file.compiler reads the whole code
translate the code which is OS understandable that is called object files.some words are written in library files.linker combines
object file and library file and make a new file (exe file)that is called as a software.
lecture 2 (part 1)
constants
any information is called constants.data is information called constant.
types of constants
1.primary(int ,char ,float) 
2.secondary(array,string,union,structue,enumerator,pointer and class) buld with the help of primary constant.
variables are the names of memory locations where we store data.
keywards 
its meaning is known by compiler.
lecture 2(part 2)
data types
int,char,float,double,void(datatype declarion to know whether the variable is int,float,char or double).
you can declare variable anywhere.