C# Programming lectures.
C# is a powerful OOP language that enables progarammers to create windows applications,web services,data base tools,components and much more.
what is .net framework 
A software development framework developed by microsoft.
It provides an environment in which our applications runs.
.net framework provides services to application developers to create applications.
Microsoft started development of .NET framework in the late 1990's.native code is called binary code.
c# 1st program
use console.WriteLine for printing.
static void main k andar code likhna hai.c# is case sensitive language.
using system is called Namespace declearation.
A namespace is a collection of classes.A console is present inside the system name space.namespace is used to organise your code.
we also remove using system but then we use system before every console 
console.readline is a function which wait for a user to press the enter/any key. 
lecture #4
when we make c# empty project visual studio gives so many setup files which helps in building project.
Solution files contains so many projects in it.solution files contains the name of project.
What does Using part do??
system contains so mny classes in it and many functions in it.Console.WriteLine is one of the class.We import Console.WriteLine from System & using is a keyword.
We have main function that is the entry point of our program and execute sequentially.Main function is defined in Program class.
assume Program is a rebot and Main is the part of Program.we define all our programs in class Program and execute with the help of main.
the name of namespace is also same as the name of the program.
The benefit of name space is that other user can use it by making a library of it.this means that by including Basic flow as a library file he can use all the code to fast our programming.
lecture #5
Variables are used to store data.Variables are use to preserve data.data type and variable type is always same.int is used to store integer value.
use age++ to increment and age-- to decrement.
second data type is string to store alphanumeric data.string always written in double quotes.
conditional operator will be used when there is only statement in if else.
for arrays use [] for declearation then the name of array.
Loops
Loops are used to execute the statements repeatedly.
while loops first check the codition and then enters in the body.
do-while loop execute the statement for the first time and then check the condition.
in for loop we can initialize the variable in the body of for.
for each loop is used for collection of data.in this loop we cannot specify condition and increment and it is easy to implement.
compile time vs run time
when we are writing a code then it is called compile time.it checks the syntax errors in a code and variable type.
when we write our code successfully there no compile time error.
error at time of running the code is called run time error.it also finds logical error.it checks the data at the time of running.
for example if you divide any value by zero there is an error called exception.

